Privacy Policy

Luis Gonzalez built Jumpy Llama as ad-supported app. This SERVICE is provided by Luis Gonzalez at no cost and is intended for use as is.

This page is used to inform website visitors regarding my policies with the collection, use, and disclosure of Personal Information if anyone decided to use my Service.

If you choose to use [my|our] Service, then you agree to the collection and use of information in relation to this policy. The Personal Information that I collect is used for providing and improving the Service. I will not use or share your information with anyone except as described in this Privacy Policy.

The terms used in this Privacy Policy have the same meanings as in our Terms and Conditions, which is accessible at Jumpy Llama unless otherwise defined in this Privacy Policy.

Information Collection and Use

For a better experience, while using our Service, I may require you to provide us with certain personally identifiable information, including but not limited to your play store account information anf phone state. The information that I request is [retained on your device and is not collected by me in any way].

The app does use third party services that may collect information used to identify you.

Link to privacy policy of third party service providers used by the app

Google Play Services

I want to inform you that whenever you use my Service, in a case of an error in the app  collect data and information (through third party products) on your phone called Log Data. This Log Data may include information such as your device Internet Protocol (“IP”) address, device name, operating system version, the configuration of the app when utilizing [my|our] Service, the time and date of your use of the Service, and other statistics.

Service Providers

I may employ third-party companies and individuals due to the following reasons:

To facilitate our Service;
To provide the Service on our behalf;
To perform Service-related services; or
To assist us in analyzing how our Service is used.
I want to inform users of this Service that these third parties have access to your Personal Information. The reason is to perform the tasks assigned to them on our behalf. However, they are obligated not to disclose or use the information for any other purpose.


Contact Us

If you have any questions or suggestions about my Privacy Policy, do not hesitate to contact me.

This privacy policy page was created at privacypolicytemplate.net and modified/generated by App Privacy Policy Generator
